docs/Dmitry Korzhov.md, before:

---
share: true
---

type:: [[employee]]
role:: Product Researcher
email:: dmitriy.korzhov@improvado.io
department:: [[Knowledge team]]

## Obsidian tasks

### All tasks.
# employee

    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] can we sort bellow by department sort order? form here?
# Github Publisher

    - [ ] I test it [[Dmitry Korzhov]]
# GPT-3

    - [ ] Test it [[Dmitry Korzhov]] on [[Data sources]]
# Import JSON and CSV

    - [ ] Test it [[Dmitry Korzhov]]
# Mac OS Config

    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]]  check it out 
# NLP Dates

    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] can yuo describe how to use time and date what is oru format here. and may be link this info to [[task]]
# Obsidian Plugins

    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] add all properties to special folder to test plugin
    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] check it our this plugin
    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] for some reason i can't install this plugin? can you mak it work? not urgent.
    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] sturdy it for [[Obsidian Publish]]
    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] pleaes research it when have time.
    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] actually a good questison. may be not powerfull. just a query. can you compare it with what we have now?
# Recruiting VP of CS

    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] why photos in table bellow so different from table from [[Recruiting VP of Product or Senior Product Manager]] ?
        - [ ] ![[Pasted image 20220831102433.png]] ```dataview TABLE photo, status as "status", date_of_next_step, next_step, tech_score, process_score, industry_score, hustle_score, ((default(tech_score,0) + default(process_score,0) + default(industry_score,0) +default(hustle_score,0)) / 4) AS avg_score WHERE contains(role, [[Recruiting VP of CS]]) SORT avg_score desc SORT status ```
# Recruiting VP of Product template

    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] please teach me how to use this template when i create a new vp of P page. [[discuss]]
        - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] also please teach this [[Dmitry Olshevskiy]], may be record a video how to use templates?

### Critical tasks. 
- [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] please make this research [[critical]]
    - [ ] [Zoho - Cloud Software Suite and SaaS Applications for Businesses](https://www.zoho.com) we can test it
        -     - [ ] [Предоставление доступа к компьютеру Mac с удаленного компьютера - Служба поддержки Apple (RU)](https://support.apple.com/ru-ru/guide/mac-help/mchlp1066/mac)
- [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] please conenct wiht quip and tell them that this is critical problem for us, we cant find a docuemnts and we can’t reorganize 1k docuemnt perfolder, as we have more then 10k fodlers and it is not good to have do many fodler in high level of hirerchy.  Talk with them, tell them that this is critical for us and if they cant fix, we will need to search for new tools(not super agressive but give them a clue),


### Tasks for today.


## Projects

| File                                                            | Next step                                                | status                                |
| --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| [[pages/Competitors structure.md\|Competitors structure]]       | \-                                                       | [[pages/in done.md\|in done]]         |
| [[pages/Data sources.md\|Data sources]]                         | Waiting when [[Ekaterina Kosenko]] write 20 data sources | [[pages/in progress.md\|in progress]] |
| [[pages/Quip analytics.md\|Quip analytics]]                     | Waiting when Ivan help with queries                      | [[pages/in progress.md\|in progress]] |
| [[pages/Quip taxonomy.md\|Quip taxonomy]]                       | Analytics of current knowledge base in Click House       | [[pages/in progress.md\|in progress]] |
| [[pages/Structure of data source.md\|Structure of data source]] | \-                                                       | [[pages/in done.md\|in done]]         |


## Resources and Useful pages & links
- [[From the Modern Data Stack to Knowledge Graphs]]
- [[What is a Knowledge Graph]]
- [[Knowledge Graphs and AI as a Service]]
- [[Liquid. The soul of a new graph database]]
- [[Completing a member knowledge graph with Graph Neural Networks]]
- [[Building The LinkedIn Knowledge Graph]]
- [[KG Course 2021]] 
- [[Keeping Your Notes Tidy - How do You Manage the Growing Number of Tags?]]
- [[Pattern for staying connected with your team at work]] ^e57e67
- [[My GTD - How I Organize Meetings and TODOs in Roam]] ^81791b
- [[How do you organize your notes?]]



- [ ] Obsidian save state of collapse [[Daniel Kravtsov]] [[discuss]]

Commit message:

[PUBLISHER] Merge #17
* Update note index.md

* Update note Dmitry Korzhov.md

docs/Dmitry Korzhov.md, after:

---
share: true
---

type:: [[employee]]
role:: Product Researcher
email:: dmitriy.korzhov@improvado.io
department:: [[Knowledge team]]

## Obsidian tasks

### All tasks.
# 1_revenue%2F5_customers

    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] is it folder? or  what it is  do you remember?
# Daniel Kravtsov

    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] please be sure, we have this moment in out internal documentation. I think it hspudl be somewhere here:  ![[task#^fchjoi]]
# dbt model

    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] please make all names bellow correct. for example this model [[1_revenue%2F5_customers%2Fmrt_customers_events]] and this one [[mrt_customers_events]] are the ame.
        - [ ] i see a lot of models here from [[dbt]] wiht wrong names. please be sure it is clened.
            - [ ] examples::
                - [ ] [[1_revenue/5_customers/mrt_customers_events]]
                - [ ] [[1_revenue%2F5_customers%2Fmrt_customers_events]]
                - [ ] [[mrt_customers_events]]
# employee

    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] can we sort bellow by department sort order? form here?
# Friend

    - [ ] can i make photo size here smaller? [[Dmitry Korzhov]] ```dataview TABLE photo, geo WHERE contains(type, [[Friend]]) WHERE contains(geo, [[bay area]]) ```
# GPT-3

    - [ ] Test it [[Dmitry Korzhov]] on [[Data sources]]
# Import JSON and CSV

    - [ ] Test it [[Dmitry Korzhov]]
# Mac OS Config

    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]]  check it out 
# mrt_companies_scoring

    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] why we have here pages on top in dim companeis?  [[discuss]]
    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] i want to add bellow all fields from models [[stg_sfdc_contact]] and [[stg_sfdc_account]]
# NLP Dates

    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] ok, but why this page is not linked here and not desribed here? also it is not describe in [[task]] be sure, it is easy to find documentation. For exampel somebody who instelled this plugin wil never find our approach to [[date]]
# Obsidian Plugins

    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] add all properties to special folder to test plugin
    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] check it our this plugin
    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] for some reason i can't install this plugin? can you mak it work? not urgent. [[discuss]]
    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] sturdy it for [[Obsidian Publish]]
    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] pleaes research it when have time.
# Oleg Kulak

    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] please onboard [[Oleg Kulak]]
# Recruiting VP of Product template

    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] please teach me how to use this template when i create a new vp of P page. [[discuss]]
        - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] also please teach this [[Dmitry Olshevskiy]], may be record a video how to use templates?
# Ways to work with YAML

    - [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] my [[Note Refactor]] plugin fosent wokr, lets etup it for me again. please be sure, all plugins that are mast have i have. oit os har to work wihtout majority of plugins. [[discuss]]x
        - [ ] we need to transition everything after [[YAML#^b0808a]] in the new docuemnt with note refactoring.

### Critical tasks. 
- [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] please make this research [[critical]]
    - [ ] [Zoho - Cloud Software Suite and SaaS Applications for Businesses](https://www.zoho.com) we can test it
        -     - [ ] [Предоставление доступа к компьютеру Mac с удаленного компьютера - Служба поддержки Apple (RU)](https://support.apple.com/ru-ru/guide/mac-help/mchlp1066/mac)
- [ ] [[Dmitry Korzhov]] please conenct wiht quip and tell them that this is critical problem for us, we cant find a docuemnts and we can’t reorganize 1k docuemnt perfolder, as we have more then 10k fodlers and it is not good to have do many fodler in high level of hirerchy.  Talk with them, tell them that this is critical for us and if they cant fix, we will need to search for new tools(not super agressive but give them a clue),


### Tasks for today.


## Projects

| File                                                            | Next step                                                | status                                |
| --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| [[pages/Competitors structure.md\|Competitors structure]]       | \-                                                       | [[pages/in done.md\|in done]]         |
| [[pages/Data sources.md\|Data sources]]                         | Waiting when [[Ekaterina Kosenko]] write 20 data sources | [[pages/in progress.md\|in progress]] |
| [[pages/Quip analytics.md\|Quip analytics]]                     | Waiting when Ivan help with queries                      | [[pages/in progress.md\|in progress]] |
| [[pages/Quip taxonomy.md\|Quip taxonomy]]                       | Analytics of current knowledge base in Click House       | [[pages/in progress.md\|in progress]] |
| [[pages/Structure of data source.md\|Structure of data source]] | \-                                                       | [[pages/in done.md\|in done]]         |


## Resources and Useful pages & links
- [[From the Modern Data Stack to Knowledge Graphs]]
- [[What is a Knowledge Graph]]
- [[Knowledge Graphs and AI as a Service]]
- [[Liquid. The soul of a new graph database]]
- [[Completing a member knowledge graph with Graph Neural Networks]]
- [[Building The LinkedIn Knowledge Graph]]
- [[KG Course 2021]] 
- [[Keeping Your Notes Tidy - How do You Manage the Growing Number of Tags?]]
- [[Pattern for staying connected with your team at work]] ^e57e67
- [[My GTD - How I Organize Meetings and TODOs in Roam]] ^81791b
- [[How do you organize your notes?]]



- [x] Obsidian save state of collapse  [[discuss]] [completion:: 2022-09-05]
